Something happened to my family.
Urgent need of a sum of money
Over and over again, I decided to split my stake between you and 10%.
You should be clear.
Waiting for the project to be completed.
How much will the 30% stake in your hand increase in value?
You have to do it now.
Only you lose.
I know but I really can't wait for that
I'll give you a minute to explain everything.
Don't care about me
I also know you have a brother.
The project he did was exposed.
The result was lost for years.
losses up to tens of billions
After my parents died.
my brother always pulls me up
This time he was in trouble.
Even though I try my best to help him.
There is power why not say
This is my family's business.
It has nothing to do with you.
Even if I earn a little less.
Don't let your brother be late for sex.